In the last lecture we edit the code to get some data.
Of course that is a huge first step but it would be even more useful if we could write that data to
the screen if it could render it to the screen and replaced is a ray of Dammy posts here with dynamically
generated array based on the posts we fetched for does we need to manage some state of course and we
should have some posts in that state.
Initially this can be an empty array.
Now I want to update this state once we fetch data from the server and therefore the place to call this
set state is inside the then method.
If we would call it outside of this so ofter does X-ers get Meffert we wouldn't have depost yet because
of the thing I mentioned earlier.
The code javascript doesn't wait for this to finish so if immediately calling this set state after the
get method the data won't have been fetched yet.
So inside the then block is the right place and there we can set posts to response data.
You just saw in the console that the data property is available on that response object and that the
data property holds an array of posts so I'll comment out the response logging and instead set my state
to the posts.
Now let's output posts dynamically in the render method forwarded.
I'll create a new constant to your posts and that should be an array of GSX elements so I will use this
state posts to state.
We just updated that with the server data and there as you learned it called the map method to map it
into an array of various x elements and the map method of course returns a new array which I store in
that posts constant.
Now in the map method your.
I get my individual posts as an input in that function we're passing to the map method and there I want
to return a j as x element.
I want to return my single post here.
Like does down there.
I then of course want to output this array of posts which is stored in that posts constant.
Now this post of course at least output the title.
If we inspect the post component we see I output tile here.
So therefore your.
I probably want to get some props maybe a props with the name title.
So should pasters title property to a single post.
So in the block container I need to set a title property here and pass post taught that title the title
property on this post element is available because of the data we fetched from the server just to reassure
you.
You already got spoiled that it worked.
But today we get back from the service Desirae and each element here has a title property.
So as you can clearly see it already works here.
Styling is a bit off.
We also output all the posts which might be too much and we haven't set to keep proper.
So let's fix these three things.
Let's set the key.
And as it can verify by checking out the data we get back from the server.
You'll see that there is id property on each post.
That of course makes up for a perfect key because it's unique.
Now regarding the styling and the amount of posts for the styling Let's go to the post component and
change to with 2 maybe 250 pixels.
Now they have a little bit more room for the title.
Still there are too many posts and that is something I'll take care about in the next lecture.
When I show you how to transform the data you get back.